[docs] Add section for controlled selection and server-side pagination (#2602)
mui-org/material-ui-x: docs/src/pages/components/data-grid/pagination/pagination.md

{{"demo": "pages/components/data-grid/pagination/ServerPaginationGrid.js", "bg": "inline"}}

> **Note**: For more information regarding server-side pagination in combination with controlled selection check [here](/components/data-grid/selection/#usage-with-server-side-pagination)

Reviewer: Two feedback on this one. A sentence should have a closing dot. "here" is considered to be avoided as link description: https://www.w3.org/QA/Tips/noClickHere. Maybe?

```suggestion
**Note**: For more information regarding server-side pagination in combination with controlled selection check [the dedicated section](/components/data-grid/selection/#usage-with-server-side-pagination).
```
